README.md, before:

# tricrypt
A command-line file encrypt tool made using [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)

> **Note:** this project still a work in progress

## Actual state of this work
- [x] Encrypt a single file
- [x] Decrypt a single file
- [ ] Encrypt a folder
- [ ] Decrypt a folder

## Using tricrypt
 1. Download this source code
 2. Install its dependencies
```bash
  npm install
```
 3. Tricrypt takes one of two commands: encrypt or decrypt
 ```bash
 $ node main.js encrypt [options]
 $ node main.js decrypt [options]
 ```

 ### encrypt [options]
 Option | alias | description
------------ | ------------- | -------------
input | i | a path to an input file 
ouput | o | a path to an output folder
password | p | a password to be used as a cipher

#### usage
```bash
$ node main.js encrypt -i ~path/to/a/file.txt -o ~path/to/a/folder -p mypassword
```

 ### decrypt [options]
 Option | alias | description
------------ | ------------- | -------------
input | i | a path to an input file 
ouput | o | a path to an output folder
password | p | a password to be used as a cipher

#### usage
```bash
$ node main.js decrypt -i ~path/to/a/file.tricrypt.txt -o ~path/to/a/folder -p mypassword
```

Commit message:

Compression (#7)
* Zip files after encryption

* Change commandline messages

* Update README

README.md, after:

# tricrypt
A command-line file encrypt tool made using [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)

> **Note:** this project still a work in progress

## Actual state of this work
- [x] Encrypt a single file
- [x] Decrypt a single file
- [x] Encrypt a folder
- [x] Decrypt a folder

## Using tricrypt
 1. Download this source code
 2. Install its dependencies
```bash
  npm install
```
 3. Tricrypt takes one of two commands: encrypt or decrypt
 ```bash
 $ node main.js encrypt [options]
 $ node main.js decrypt [options]
 ```

 ### encrypt [options]
 Option | alias | description
------------ | ------------- | -------------
input | i | a path to an input file 
ouput | o | a path to an output folder
password | p | a password to be used as a cipher

#### usage
```bash
$ node main.js encrypt -i ~path/to/a/file.txt -o ~path/to/a/folder -p mypassword
```

 ### decrypt [options]
 Option | alias | description
------------ | ------------- | -------------
input | i | a path to an input file 
ouput | o | a path to an output folder
password | p | a password to be used as a cipher

#### usage
```bash
$ node main.js decrypt -i ~path/to/a/file.tricrypt.txt -o ~path/to/a/folder -p mypassword
```

Tricrypt has the capability to encrypt and decrypt the folders. For encrypting/decrypting the folder the usage is
the same as above. Tricrypt encrypts all the files in a folder and outputs the compressed zip of the encrypted files
in the desired output directory. However, for decryption, you would need provide the path of the unzipped directory.

The support to decrypt a zipped folder would be added in the near future.
